---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nats-v1alpha1_export_list Data Source - nats-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nats-v1alpha1_export_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ExportSpec defines the desired state of Export (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ExportStatus defines the observed state of Export (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) A short description of the export rules.
- `destinations` (Attributes List) List of NATS cluster destination where EDB tables must be exported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--destinations))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies if the Export rules are enabled or not.
- `exports` (Attributes) Define data sources to be exported to a NATS cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.destinations`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Publisher name.
- `subject` (String) NATS or Jetstream subject.
- `subject_from_js_path` (Boolean) If true, the subject name is based on the received JsPath.
- `subject_prefix` (String) A prefix to be appended to the subject in case it's based on the received JsPath.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports`

Optional:

- `alarms` (Attributes) Defines Alarms as export source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--alarms))
- `query` (Attributes List) Defines a custom query as export source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.alarms`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) List of Alarm types to exclude.
- `include` (List of String) List of Alarm types to include. Set it to '*' for all.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.query`

Optional:

- `fields` (List of String) Fields to export from the EDB table set in `spec.query.path`.
Exports all fields if not specified.
- `include_timestamps` (Boolean) Include the export timestamp in the published message.
- `mode` (String) Export mode.
- `path` (String) The EDB path to export, in the format '.node.srl.interface'.
Should NOT include the namespace element.
- `period` (Number) Export period in seconds. Applicable if mode is set to 'periodic' or 'both'.
- `where` (String) A where clause to use for the query, e.g. 'oper-state = down'. You can omit enclosing parentheses.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
