---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nats-v1alpha1_publisher_list Data Source - nats-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nats-v1alpha1_publisher_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) PublisherSpec defines the desired state of Publisher (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) PublisherStatus defines the observed state of Publisher (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Comma-separated NATS or Jetstream cluster addresses
- `client_name` (String) NATS client name.
- `credentials_secret_name` (String) NATS Credentials. A secret name with a 'username' and 'password' keys.
- `max_pending_acks` (Number) The maximum outstanding async publishes that can be inflight at one time
- `max_wait` (Number) The maximum time (in seconds) a sync publisher waits for an acknowledgment.
- `tls` (Attributes) NATS client TLS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls))
- `type` (String) The NATS cluster type: NATS or Jetstream

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) Path to a certificate authority file.
- `cert_file` (String) The client certificate file location.
- `key_file` (String) The client private key location.
- `skip_verify` (Boolean) If true the client will not verify the server's certificate.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `connected` (Boolean) Specifies if the client is connected to the NATS cluster
- `error` (String) Error value if the client is not connected
- `last_checked` (String) Last time the connection was checked
